---
title: Life No fair
image: /images/lifenofair.jpg
order: 005
---
<p style="text-align:justify;">"Life's not fair" is a&nbsp;saying seemingly as old as time. I'm sure everyone heard it at least once in their life, and we all know it in some shape or form. Why is this saying so common? Probably because it unfortunately is true. Life is not fair and nothing is just. However, it doesn't mean we should simply accept that... The world and life shouldn't be unfair.<br>
Recently I've seen a&nbsp;lot of wrong things in our existences. Some people are born in wealthy families and can't complain about the lack of money, while others barely get by since their childhood, for as long as they can remember. Some people get luckier than others. Some are just more capable in terms of school studies, so they perform better. Some people are born blind, mute or paralyzed, while others get to enjoy every sense and every sensible aspect of our world and reality. There is also the gender pay gap. Some people will be targeted simply because they are transgender or not-heterosexual or of a&nbsp;different skin color. Some people can't even find real friends who enjoy their company, because no one wants to be near them. It is not even a&nbsp;problem of personality sometimes, it can happen that people don't want to interact with you for literally no reason. Our looks don't remain as a&nbsp;bastion of justice either, as some people are born ugly and they can't do anything about it no matter how much they try, while others are pretty without any effort. We differ in everything and it's all things that were never decided by us. The way we are brought to this world make us flawed. It makes us live in the greatest injustice, an&nbsp;injustice that touches every aspect of our lives, 24/7.<br>
A different part of life where this unfairness hits is gifts. People get lucky and get money or items given to them by strangers. You see it a&nbsp;lot on the internet. Sometimes even people who are not known at all get things: just like the current Nintendo Switch&nbsp;2&nbsp;+&nbsp;Pokopia situation. Random people are given those items just because, while others will probably never get them. Is it just pure luck? Maybe something else? Regardless, it truly is unjust.<br>
If like me you were born unlucky in all the fields, all you can do is watch other people live out their dreams, get support no matter what they do, do well in studies without any effort and be liked by everyone around them, sometimes even when their personality is very similar to yours. Yet, for whatever reason, you just don't get this same privilege. Observing this world of injustice hurts. a&nbsp;lot.</p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">There are people who are religious only because they want to hope for the afterlife. Some religions, like Christianity, promise you an&nbsp;eternal justice and happy life after all. Those people believe in God/god just to hold on to this hope that it will one day be better, even if after death. However, this too is foolish. That hope can turn out to be meaningless. What if they are simply wrong and the religion, they believe in is wrong? I&nbsp;guess they always had hope in life at least, but hope alone won't save you from being hurt by injustice.<br>
Even if it turns out they were right, is it oki to expect justice from e.g. Christian God? If you look at our planet and the world we live in, justice is nowhere, not even in our nature. There's no just in religious matters either. If being religious can help or even be the key to redemption, why can't everyone get an&nbsp;equal chance to be saved? There are people who are born in different religions or in countries which just don't practice Christianity as much. Are they worse? Why do they not deserve to be helped? And what about people who experience miracles and/or deity's presence? Why can't something like this just happen to every human so we can all be treated fair? Why do only some "chosen ones" get to get this chance for help and maybe redemption? There is also a&nbsp;chance that your hope could be shattered altogether by some horrible event. How bad would it feel to watch a&nbsp;loved one suffer, pleading with all your heart for God to save them, only for nothing to happen? How heart-breaking would it be to see your partner or kid die in e.g. a&nbsp;car accident? What if your 7yo daughter/son died from cancer? an&nbsp;ultimate betrayal of your trust, is it not? And what if you see different people in the same or similar situation, but they actually seem to get the help you begged for and their story gets a&nbsp;happy ending? Would you think it's fair? Is it just for one innocent person to die when a&nbsp;different one gets to live? More than once in my life I&nbsp;also heard that a&nbsp;couple's kid was born sick/disabled as a&nbsp;punishment for the parents (e.g. for saying they would never want to take care of someone like that). Is it fair towards that child to be suffering for something they had never done even? For their parents' sins?</p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">However, even if the world is horribly unfair, even if it's undeservedly unjust, you should not give up on life. It is important to be aware of how things are, it's important to try to change things for the better, even if you can't do a&nbsp;lot by yourself. Trying makes the world better, even if the progress turns out to be slow. So, keep on living and trying to make our reality better^^</p>