---
title: The Dead
image: /images/thedead.jpg
order: 003
---
<p style="text-align:justify;"><sup>3rd November 2025</sup><br>
I doubt my ability to finish writing this in one day, so&nbsp;when I&nbsp;post it, Halloween, All&nbsp;Saints' Day and All&nbsp;Souls Day have all already passed.<br>
I don't understand the hate Halloween is getting (especially&nbsp;here in Poland). I&nbsp;see nothing wrong with that day, it's just playful fun, even more for kids. You&nbsp;get to cosplay, stay&nbsp;up late and you get candy. What's&nbsp;wrong with that? It's&nbsp;a&nbsp;positive and fun day. "oH&nbsp;bUTt it HaS gh0sTS and SkeelEtonz aNd da&nbsp;Dead!" Shut&nbsp;up. Let&nbsp;kids have fun. And&nbsp;the cartoons they watch and the stories they hear have it anyway. Also,&nbsp;I&nbsp;know from experience that kids know things far worse that that. The&nbsp;only actually bad thing about Halloween is that some sick people put various shit in the candies, like&nbsp;nails or&nbsp;drugs. However&nbsp;that is a&nbsp;problem more with the majority of people just being evil and trash and not a&nbsp;problem with the concept of&nbsp;the&nbsp;day itself. If&nbsp;I&nbsp;had kids I&nbsp;probably wouldn't let them go trick or treating only because of those psychos.<br>
What I do have a problem with though is ASD (both All Saints' Day and All Souls Day). I&nbsp;guess the concept is nice, you&nbsp;are meant to remember those who passed away, your&nbsp;friends and family who are already gone (and&nbsp;pray for their happiness in the afterlife as expected of a&nbsp;Christian celebration). But&nbsp;for me, that's not a&nbsp;good day. I&nbsp;don't like it. <b>I&nbsp;hate it</b>. 
That's&nbsp;the time that makes me remember those who I&nbsp;loved and who are gone. My&nbsp;friends who committed suicides. I&nbsp;don't want to forget them, but&nbsp;ASD makes me remember in a bad way. I&nbsp;don't want it that way. And, I&nbsp;might also have a&nbsp;problem with one more thing. The afterlife.<br>
Maybe it's just me, but the concept of immortality, eternity, is not really a nice one, isn't it? Life&nbsp; is a pain, making it endless just makes the pain more and more hurtful. But&nbsp;even if life wasn't a&nbsp;pain, eternal life would just drive you mad. You&nbsp;would eventually get bored, you&nbsp;would have done everything the world has to offer. You'd become empty. If&nbsp;you've played Undertale you are probably familiar with Flowey the&nbsp;Flower, that&nbsp;one simple character who in his never ending life did just about everything. What&nbsp;did he do after getting bored out of experiencing everything possible? Flowey&nbsp;started killing. He&nbsp;wanted to see what would happen. Do&nbsp;you think you'd be any different? If&nbsp;you become immortal you would one day run into the exact same problem, and&nbsp;even if you try to resist, with a&nbsp;never ending life, the&nbsp;urge would one day win. That's&nbsp;how you'll try to escape the misery your existence has became. But&nbsp;even that will one day mean nothing. Just&nbsp;like everything else, it'll&nbsp;turn into a meaningless action. If&nbsp;you won't be a mad psycho by then, you&nbsp;eventually will be. After&nbsp;all, eternal life is just pain and misery, immortality is a&nbsp;curse.<br>
So when I&nbsp;hear that a&nbsp;reward for having a&nbsp;good existence on Earth is immortality in happiness, endless life after death, I&nbsp;don't get overjoyed. It&nbsp;doesn't sound like a&nbsp;blessing to me. "But&nbsp;it says IN HAPPINESS, so&nbsp;you're promised to be happy!"&nbsp;No. What&nbsp;does happiness mean if demanded on you? Is&nbsp;it really true happiness? Is&nbsp;it not a hidden pain? I'm&nbsp;kinda divided, because&nbsp;on one hand it'd be nice to be allowed to be happy at least after death after this painful existence I&nbsp;was given, but&nbsp;on the other hand eternity is not true happiness for long. That's&nbsp;why I'm also skeptical about how well my friends are now... I&nbsp;personally with a bit of myself hope that after death you just disappear so you don't live the pain of never ending, but I also kinda hope there is something, any recompensation. I&nbsp;want my friends to be happy though... This&nbsp;unsureness and the bad way of remembering my loved ones I&nbsp;have to face makes me despise ASD as a whole.&nbsp;Sorry.</p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">PS: for those wondering, the only vision of "immortality" I&nbsp;deem worthy is the one you can end whenever you want it to end. You&nbsp;live with no time limit until the point you decide you want to disappear for real.</p>