---
title: Truth
image: /images/truth.jpg
order: 001
---
<p style="text-align:justify;"><sup>17th October 2025</sup><br>
Sometimes simple things get me thinking about some stuff. Recently finished the 1st route in "Orwell: Keeping an Eye On You" and I bought the sequel, "Orwell: Ignorance is Strength", to continue the story of my first route. And in this game, there's a&nbsp;quote, at the very start. (I&nbsp;won't give any spoilers to the game). One of the characters talks with someone over a phone and says: <br>
<blockquote style="text-align:justify;">"Truth? See, I never had much regard for the Bible. But there's one remarkable, groundbreaking moment. Before being sentenced to death Jesus goes on and on about being "a witness for the truth." But Pilate defies him with the simplest of all questions: "What is truth?" It is this particular question I've been pondering over for a very long time now. How much of the information ending up on our screens every single day has passed through so many other minds before, each one with their own bias and agenda. It is all cut down to size, proportioned, ready to be consumed. And yet we greedily swallow it all in blissful ignorance. Because our hunger is unending. [...] There is only one thing about truth that is certain: Truth... is dead. [...]" </blockquote></p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">Those words got me thinking. Thinking about truth. Now I can say with certainty. I&nbsp;believe that truth exists. There is always one and definite truth. However, honestly speaking, reaching that truth is hard. Almost impossible. As humans, we are just incapable of learning it. To start of, we can't get to know every situation from every angle and perspective perfectly. Then, we also have a&nbsp;problem with our very nature. We&nbsp;take things subjectively, we believe in what our mind tells us. I'm&nbsp;sure that some people might know how it works, but let's all imagine, that we live in a smaller city where everyone knows each other. Someone falsely accused us of a serious crime. People around us will start looking at us differently instantly, as soon as they hear about said situation. Even if the judge, the court, police find us not guilty, for the people around us we'll always be stained. It doesn't matter if the accusation was correct. Similar thing could happen in bigger cities as well, however there it wouldn't be as noticable. Only the people you know, your circles will see you on a different light. Of course some might argue that not everyone is like that, but the fact is that most people won't look at you the same. <br>
One of the reasons why death penalty is illegal in many countries is that people were sometimes found guilty of crimes they never committed (a lost life cannot be given back after all). The truth doesn't always lie when we think it does. Our perception of reality is stained. We can't know everything about any given situation and we cannot discard our subjective way of thinking completely. One person I talked with told me that for them the truth is only what our perception says, but I find this thinking wrong. Imagine if your best friend was killed by someone, but the murderer made it look like a suicide flawlessly. To you and the police and whoever might see the scene, it was suicide. But the truth is that it was homicide. Perception doesn't define truth, perception just gives partial information that we can often blindly take as truth.</p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">But does it all mean that truth is just beyond us and we won't ever reach it? That we should just give up? No, not at all. Even if truth is hard to find, I still believe we should strive for it. Let's&nbsp;say you have problems with your partner. Instead of just narrow-mindedly reaching a conclusion yourself, you should ask said partner for their perspective and if the subject allows it, talk about it with your trusted friends. Only&nbsp;them when you have a broader image in mind should you think about it for real. That's not a perfect solution, but it's one that puts you closer to the real truth.</p>