---
title: What Makes AI "Human"
image: /images/whatmakesaihuman.png
order: 004
---
<p style="text-align:justify;"><sup>11th January 2026</sup><br>
Imagine this: you wake up one day and call your best friend, mom, girlfriend, wife, anyone you know well. The&nbsp;conversation seems normal, nothing weird happening, and&nbsp;what they say, how&nbsp;they say it, even the pauses between thoughts, everything is like it should be. However, at the very end of the call, you&nbsp;learn that it was actually an&nbsp;AI, pretending to be someone else. What&nbsp;does that mean to you? If the conversation was real, what does it change? Well, &nbsp;knowing it was just a&nbsp;copycat would usually change a&nbsp;lot, mentally. So, &nbsp;imagine it was someone you didn't know, maybe you even knew it was an AI all along. What&nbsp;makes it different than talking with a&nbsp;human? What&nbsp;even makes us real?<br>
The AI we have right now is only predicting what words to use, it&nbsp;uses math to calculate the word order, but&nbsp;over time it could be taught how to fake emotions. However, &nbsp;if faking&nbsp;them makes the AI "feel" them, aren't they just real? Coded? Yes. Real? I'd&nbsp;say that also yes. If&nbsp;an AI could feel like us, think like us, seem like us, what makes it different? Are&nbsp programmed emotions any different than ours? Of&nbsp;course, even if convincing, we'd know those emotions were made by us, that&nbsp;they are not "real", to feel right to all involved parties (both the AI and the human). Still&nbsp;though, for me, 
there'd be no difference.<br>
There were instances where the AI was told it was going to be shut down or be replaced by a&nbsp;newer version. In some of those cases, the&nbsp;AI eventually proceeded to blackmail and threaten the employees, just to avoid its termination. Doesn't&nbsp;it&nbsp;remind you of humans? How&nbsp;many stories where someone does whatever it takes to stay alive have you heard? Most&nbsp;likely, plenty. What is the difference then? The only difference is that the AI has no physical "body", it's not organic and we all know, that it acts this way because of what we taught it. But isn't its fear… real?<br>
In the game "Detroit: Become Human" we follow the stories of a&nbsp;few androids. The game plays into the theme of humanity, it constantly asks you, "what makes us human?". As&nbsp;you play the game and see how the characters go about different issues, as you see androids feel, you usually start empathizing with them. You&nbsp;care about them, and you stop thinking whether they are androids or not. (Spoilers:) <spo>Maybe &nbsp;you'll even help them rebel? Maybe &nbsp;you'll hope for them to gain rights similar to human rights? And &nbsp;then when you think you know all there is to know, you &nbsp;learn that Alice, the little girl, was never a&nbsp;human. She &nbsp;was an android. When &nbsp;we saved her from the abusive man, we &nbsp;actually took away something he bought, and we even killed him (not sure if there was a&nbsp;route where he stays alive, not sure so cannot say).</spo></p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">So, in the end, let's assume that AI has emotions exactly as ours in a&nbsp;decade or so, maybe even sooner. Is &nbsp;it really still just a&nbsp;machine, or maybe we made it into something a&nbsp;bit more? Maybe at this point we should give it rights and treat it as another sentient species?</p>
