---
title: Sad Cat Story
image: /images/sadcatstory.jpg
order: 004
---
<p style="text-align:justify;"><sup>6th March 2026</sup><br>
The following story is something I&nbsp;wrote for a&nbsp;competition once and I&nbsp;won with it so:&nbsp;3<br>
It is not the best and is definitely flawed but I&nbsp;just want to put it here after so so long. It&nbsp;was meant to be an autobiography of an animal and the whole competition was in the name of raising awareness of animal abuse being bad, so&nbsp;back then I&nbsp;figured that making a&nbsp;story that's negative will be better for this cause. Why? Well, it&nbsp;should play on the reader's emotions a&nbsp;bit more and it should be harder to forget this way. I'm&nbsp;not as proud of it anymore as much as I&nbsp;was back then and I'd probably do it differently now, but oh well, this is the one that won the competition for me so:&nbsp;3<br>
TRIGGER WARNINGS: animal&nbsp;abuse; bad&nbsp;story</p>
<button class="collapsible">Open the story:</button>
<div class="collapse-content">
    <p style="text-align:center;"><b>A silent meow and small, lonely paw prints in an open world.</b></p>
    <p style="text-align:justify;">- Welcome cat, I&nbsp;know you must be confused, so let me keep it simple. You died.
    I do not remember much from my earliest moments in life, but I&nbsp;do recall that they were happy. For as long as I&nbsp;can remember, I&nbsp;had a&nbsp;loving family. Me, my mom and three big, two-legged creatures, that I&nbsp;named "meowers" because they seemed to only respond to this particular sound. The smallest of them would always let me and my mom sleep with her, and she took care of us, like a&nbsp;second mother. The place we lived in was spacious, we had a&nbsp;place where we ate food, a&nbsp;place where I&nbsp;would do my toilet, but the meowers would for some reason close off the entrance to it when they were there, a&nbsp;place where they usually spent their time, and two places where they slept. There was also a&nbsp;place that had a&nbsp;fence and a&nbsp;view of the world, but those places were not our territory. Everything was purrfect. I&nbsp;loved my life. But, one day, problems started to appear. The fourth meower's appearance was not what I&nbsp;could ever expect to see. At first, I&nbsp;had no objections, I&nbsp;was happy our family got bigger, but as the moons passed by and they got bigger and bigger, it all changed. This meower was bad, always chasing me when they saw me. I&nbsp;would be grabbed by my tail all the time and "petted" in a&nbsp;way that hurt me a&nbsp;lot. I&nbsp;couldn't even protect myself, because the other meowers would scream something and lock me in one room for a&nbsp;long time. Alone. Eventually I&nbsp;felt too tired of this life and decided to leave this place and my old family. When I&nbsp;got the chance, I&nbsp;slipped to the room with the fence. I&nbsp;jumped onto the fence and noticed my mother jumping there after me. That was the last time our noses met. She didn't go with me.<br>
    I found myself in a&nbsp;completely new place, everything smelt differently and there was a&nbsp;lot of noise. I&nbsp;had to sleep on some faded brown mates. Each time I&nbsp;had to decide if I&nbsp;would sleep on the flat ones, being more secure being able to run away quickly, or in the box-shaped ones, those were less secure but warmer. Still, the worst issue was the food. From then on, I&nbsp;had to start hunting for mice and scavenging for the things all those meowers had thrown away. That was never an easy task, and the places that had the most food were filled with others like me, and they were nowhere close to being friendly. However, there wasn't enough food to survive on the rest of the streets. I&nbsp;had to go there after a&nbsp;few nights. I&nbsp;was so scared that I&nbsp;started shivering on the way, but I&nbsp;couldn't back out, I&nbsp;had to get something to eat. When I&nbsp;finally made it there, I&nbsp;could feel eyes staring at me. I&nbsp;slowly went into the alley and sat in some random spot. We all waited. I've seen it already from afar, I&nbsp;knew what would happen next. I&nbsp;had to get ready. I&nbsp;put all my energy in my paws to be able to jump quickly. After some time, the doors opened and one meower threw out a&nbsp;white box that opened itself midway. In it there was a&nbsp;circle divided into a&nbsp;few triangles. I&nbsp;jumped straight for it, managed to get one in my mouth. It was enough for now, so I&nbsp;started running away with it. Just as I&nbsp;thought I&nbsp;could make it, some other cat jumped in front of me and started hissing. I&nbsp;knew they wouldn't let me go that easily. I&nbsp;had to fight for it. I&nbsp;dropped the triangle of food and put out my claws. At the start we both waited for the other one to make the first move. Then suddenly the other cat jumped at me with its claws outstretched. By some miracle I&nbsp;was able to evade it. I&nbsp;tried to counterattack but I&nbsp;was too slow, and he jumped back. I&nbsp;tried to run away knowing I&nbsp;can't win. I&nbsp;jumped to some boxes, but he was quicker, he outran me and jumped at me again from the front scratching right through my left eye. Under this impact the boxes collapsed, and he got trapped. I&nbsp;had to use this chance, I&nbsp;ran for my triangle food and escaped with my eye bleeding. I&nbsp;hid somewhere far from that alley and consumed my food. I&nbsp;knew I&nbsp;can't go back there, because I&nbsp;would for sure get myself killed the next time. I&nbsp;was left with no good option to get food, and on top of that, my eye was still bleeding and it hurt so much. But there was still hope. I&nbsp;remembered my old family. Whenever I&nbsp;was ill, they would take me to some building and the meowers there would always help me. I&nbsp;had to find this building. Luckily, I&nbsp;remembered it's every detail. But not so luckily, I&nbsp;didn't know how to get there. I&nbsp;couldn't move fast because I&nbsp;could only see with one of my eyes and I&nbsp;had to stay cautious. When I&nbsp;finally found the building, it was already dark and there was no light inside. I&nbsp;looked at the sky and saw it was a&nbsp;full moon. It meant I've been there for quite a&nbsp;while now. I&nbsp;decided to spend the night in an alley near the building. After I&nbsp;woke up, I&nbsp;noticed that someone was entering the building I&nbsp;had to enter, I&nbsp;quickly got up and ran in between this meower's legs. Then I&nbsp;made my way into the room they would always take care of me in, sat on the floor and waited. Soon enough one meower saw me, picked me up, and put me on a&nbsp;table. It was then that I&nbsp;realized something. I&nbsp;had no collar on. It must have fallen off during the fight. In the meantime, the meower took this pointy thing and stabbed me with it. I&nbsp;felt really sleepy again, and, when I&nbsp;woke up, I&nbsp;was in a&nbsp;small cage in a&nbsp;completely different place.<br>
    I have no idea how many nights or moons I&nbsp;spent there, but I&nbsp;feel like it was a&nbsp;lot. The room was dark, it had grey, partially cracked, walls, no windows, one, dim light source on the ceiling and two doors, one the opposing sides of the room. The cage was small so I&nbsp;couldn't burn the energy inside me, in fact, I&nbsp;could barely walk in it. Each day one meower would come and give us food and water, and they would even pet us and try to play with us a&nbsp;little. Sometimes, they would even bring someone new and lock them in a&nbsp;cage too. If a&nbsp;different meower entered that room with them, one of us would be taken away. One time though, the other doors opened. a&nbsp;Few meowers came in, but I&nbsp;couldn't spot the regular one. They started looking at all of us in cages. Then, they talked for a&nbsp;bit and took a&nbsp;few of us with them. And among those, they chose to take me. Near the doors they gave a&nbsp;pile of some rectangular papers to the other meower, who was waiting there, and we went outside. I&nbsp;had no idea what would happen, but I&nbsp;could finally, after all this time look at the sky. It was night-time, full moon. They took us to a&nbsp;new building and locked us up in some transparent cages. Those ones were at least bigger, about four times the size of the older one I&nbsp;was in. The next day they took us all to an enormous room. The room had many separate staircases leading to some small platforms. Two meowers took me to one of those. Below us there was a&nbsp;different platform in a&nbsp;different color surrounded by high, transparent walls. One meower held me above it for a&nbsp;while, and then he dropped me. I&nbsp;instinctively bent my back and repeatedly tucked my front legs and extended my rear legs a&nbsp;few times to rotate so I&nbsp;could land safely. One of the meowers came down, took me up again, and dropped me once more. This process repeated a&nbsp;few times, but the platform would change. It was covered with sand, then with feathers, then it was wet. But then they took me higher up and dropped. Once again, I&nbsp;turned around while falling, but I&nbsp;was too high up. One of my front legs' bone broke and my rear legs hurt a&nbsp;lot. I&nbsp;couldn't walk after this. The meowers must have decided that I’m no longer useful to them, so they threw me away from the building. I&nbsp;was on the streets once more. I&nbsp;was exhausted. I&nbsp;tried to go somewhere to find food, but I&nbsp;couldn't. And then, a&nbsp;few smaller meowers found me. They took me to some place outside the city and started hitting me. They set me on fire, only to put it out a&nbsp;while later and repeat the process. It hurt a&nbsp;lot. After some time, they finally went away. But I&nbsp;could no longer even try to get up. As I&nbsp;lied there, I&nbsp;couldn't help but wonder. Maybe I&nbsp;should have never run away from my original home, my meowers and my mother. The other meowers I&nbsp;met on my journey were no meowers at all. I&nbsp;realized then that they all were just monsters. Everything became blurry and the next thing I&nbsp;remember is this place.<br>
    - I&nbsp;see. Hm, humans do their autobiography a&nbsp;bit differently, but I&nbsp;think yours can pass since you're just a&nbsp;cat. As a&nbsp;part of my procedure cat, I&nbsp;must ask you one more question. If you could say something to the humans, or as you called them, meowers, on Earth, what would it be?<br>
    - I&nbsp;never saw these monsters do such awful things to themselves. Why am I&nbsp;allowed to suffer, but they face no consequences? I&nbsp;wish there would be consequences for doing such harm. I wish they could realize that I&nbsp;have feelings too, that I&nbsp;feel pain just as they do. I&nbsp;wish... that they would treat me like the living being I&nbsp;am, rather than a&nbsp;thing...<br>
    - Okay, that should cover about everything we need, thank you cat. Please allow me to show you the afterlife now</p>
</div>

