---
title: Story
image: /images/story.jpg
order: 001
---
<p style="text-align:justify;">Once upon a time, a few hours ago, a tall boy of a short height was walking with a&nbsp;6yo grandma on a&nbsp;meadow covered in&nbsp;asphalt. It was Thursday, and as befits the beginning of the week, the boy was walking lying on the ground in&nbsp;a&nbsp;squatting position while crawling to the plumbing store for flour, but&nbsp;they only had green oranges. He&nbsp;took them to his uncle, with whom he went by car on a bike to the pool to run on hands with weights in the mountains. After&nbsp;coming back, the uncle comes in the elevator, and&nbsp;here are the stairs. He&nbsp;pushes the button and walks upwards.
There awaited a&nbsp;naked person with clothes on, barefoot in shoes and with a&nbsp;fire extinguisher, he asked if they want to go shopping at a&nbsp;cinema. It&nbsp;was evening, around 8:00 AM after noon, so they decided to drink some sandwiches and eat some still water with sparkles. After an insatiable meal, they were very full, so they continued eating, because they were hungry.
On their way they met a&nbsp;little tall girl, with squared triangles in the shape of circles on her back, so they didn't ask her "what happened?", and she didn't answer that her grandpa has green sandals. They were shocked after seeing this message and started shouting with all their might quietly to not disturb the people around, as it was a&nbsp;library on a&nbsp;stadium, where a&nbsp;beating each other with TV cables match was taking place, in which a horde of one person was participating, and this person was sitting on a&nbsp;wooden stone made out of aluminum, sunbathing in the shadow. At&nbsp;the same moment, 3&nbsp;days later, a&nbsp;burning cold came. The boy ran to the lake, where on the shore were 3&nbsp;boats -&nbsp;one normal, second was only a half, and the 3rd&nbsp;one never existed in the first place. He crawled on his eyelashes to the third one and flew to a&nbsp;deserted island, where there was a&nbsp;village of Hungarian Indians from north-south Africa. He&nbsp;climbed a&nbsp;palm tree, slipped and fell from an apple tree to a&nbsp;willow tree. The owner of said pine tree comes and says "get down from this poplar, because it's my oak". The boy came down, picked up the coconuts and went to the town square to sell some carrots. Then the deaf man heard the mute say that the blind girl had seen the snaggle-toothed man bite off the hair of the bald woman who was running with the paralyzed guy. So he ran after him, turned right and got lost, but knowing where he was, he came back home and peed out shit, then he jumped out of the window to sleep. He&nbsp;accidentally kicked himself in the middle knee with his third armpit. He&nbsp;fell onto the roof of the same garage he had jumped from an hour ago. Not&nbsp;knowing what to do, he confidently continued walking along the same sidewalk.</p>